i we know what the freights to battles
are for certainly now I fight freedom
France England adventure whithersoever
the coins be greatest that is the life
of us there's no right or wrong anymore
indeed the Sun God continued to rise and
afterwards to set and yet it is as if
time itself does stand still
if DC we shall become heroes to the
people
I look forward to hearing
if you lived in a place where someone
was set on having a war for a hundred
years why not make the best of it and
become a mercenary that's exactly what
you get to do in bladestorm
the Hundred Years War this is something
as well as some realtime strategy game
that's only available for the
PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 they're
looking at the 360 version here and as
the game starts out you get to design
your own mercenary general with a
ridiculous voice of your choosing and
then you start to take on mushrooms
father England or France depending on
your disposition
now the missions usually revolve around
taking over a specific base and in some
case protecting one of your own bases
but the game is actually pretty open
Wildish allowing you to go anywhere you
want as long as you complete your
objectives within the time limit as a
single character you aren't much worth
on your own but you can take command of
nearby units and move them around with
most units you simply hold down the
shoulder button to all of them to attack
nearby enemies but all units come with
three unique commands and I have no
special attacks or buffs you can use the
frequency and the effectiveness of the
skills and the units in general are
increased by a books that are available
phyla units type and this is where
bladestorm really stands out since
there's just a ton of different unit
types you get everything from saltsman
to cavalry to start out with but as the
game progresses you can access to more
exotic units such as the Mongolian horse
arches elephant riders and even with
arts
now obviously you earn a lot of money as
a mercenary general these can be spent
on new armor and weapons as well as
units that you summon in the battlefield
such as these dangerous master sheis and
you really need the good units to summon
because you know always have available
units in the vicinity and something like
a really good carriage charge from a
single unit can make all the difference
in the skirmish
some charm
forget the trust in his men's eyes
the glory
My Lord your will
on words valiant warriors of England
onward to glory as you get further into
the game you start getting asked to
partake in major battles that push the
story forward this is also where we get
to meet some of the historic characters
unfortunately your character doesn't
really play our role in the cutscenes
and often just appear in the background
noise dressed by someone
bladestorm is a great strategy game and
while it can get a bit repetitive at
times considering that the missions
pretty much all of the same then
leveling up your character discovering
new units and experiencing the story is
pretty fun the game is available as the
games on demand on the 360 but that this
question can also be found at a fraction
of the costs of the digital version